CLOUD-194-TLS updated format to rst, updated index (#166)
percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator: source/TLS.rst

Transport Layer Security (TLS)
******************************

Security is configured at multiple levels. Transport Layer Security
(TLS) is a
cryptographic protocol. TLS provides secure communications over a computer
network.

> The Percona Kubernetes Operator for PXC uses a cert-manager and supports manual configuration, which is available for all versions of Kubernetes and is an upstream feature. A cert-manager is a Kubernetes tool widely used to automate the management and issuance of TLS certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Percona Kubernetes Operator for PXC can use a cert-manager for automatic certificates generation and also supports manual certificates generation. A cert-manager is a Kubernetes certificate management controller which widely used to automate the management and issuance of TLS certificates.
```

Transport Layer Security (TLS)
******************************

Security is configured at multiple levels. Transport Layer Security
(TLS) secures the API endpoints and is a
cryptographic protocol. TLS provides secure communications over a computer
network.

> The Percona Kubernetes Operator for PXC uses a cert-manager and supports manual configuration, which is available for all versions of K8s and is an upstream feature. A cert-manager is a Kubernetes tool widely used for to automate the management and issuance of TLS certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Percona Kubernetes Operator for PXC can use a cert-manager for automatic certificates generation and supports also manual certificates generation. A cert-manager is a Kubernetes certificate management controller which widely used to automate the management and issuance of TLS certificates.
```

Author: I didn't see any change of wording in the suggested change. I removed the extra "for" in the line 9.

Reviewer: The current wording is not very precise technically.

The Percona Kubernetes Operator for PXC requires TLS for the following types of communication:
  * Internal - communication between PXC instances in the cluster
  * External - communication between the client application and ProxySQL

The internal certificate is also an authorization method.

Install the cert-manager
========================

The cert-manager is community-driven, and open source. The steps to install the cert-manager are the following:

  * Create a namespace
  * Disable resource validations on the cert-manager namespace
  * Install the cert-manager.

The following commands perform the needed actions:

::

>     kubectl label namespace cert-manager certmanager.k8s.io/disable-validation=true

Author: Added suggested text - kubectl command to label a namespace, create namespace, label namespace - based on example provided.

>     kubectl label namespace cert-manager certmanager.k8s.io/disable-validation=true

Reviewer: currently, I see text
```
kubectl label...
kubectl create...
kubectl label...
kubectl apply...
```

but should be 
```
kubectl create...
kubectl label...
kubectl apply...
```

    kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jetstack/cert-manager/release-0.7/deploy/manifests/cert-manager.yaml

After the installation, you can verify the cert-manager by running the following command:

::

>   kubectl get pods <cert-manager namespace>

Author: Added kubectl get pods -n cert-manager to line 41

>   kubectl get pods <cert-manager namespace>

Reviewer: I see 
```
kubectl get pods <cert-manager namespace>
kubectl get pods -n cert-manager
```
but should be
```
kubectl get pods -n cert-manager
```

    "CN": "${CLUSTER_NAME}-pxc",
    "key": {
      "algo": "rsa",
      "size": 2048
    }
  }
  EOF

  kubectl create secret generic my-cluster-ssl --from-file=tls.crt=server.pem --
  from-file=tls.key=server-key.pem --from-file=ca.crt=ca.pem --
  type=kubernetes.io/tls

A disadvantage of generating certificates with the command line can make managing the infrastructure difficult to manage, document, and reproduce. You can use a YAML file to maintain your key and certificate data and save the file to a secure location.

The structure of the Secret-SSL.yaml file is::

  apiVersion: v1
    kind: Secret
    metadata:
      name: <your cluster name>
    type: kubernetes.io/tls
    data:
      ca.crt: <encoded value>
      tls.crt: <encoded value>
      tls.key: <encoded value>

You define a Certificate Authority certificate, which is called the root certificate. From the command line, use base64 to encode the key and certificate values. Run the following commands::

  echo tls.crt | base64
  echo tls.key | base64

Copy and paste each encoded value into the appropriate sections of the YAML file. Each value is one line.

You can use then use the YAML file to create the secret::

>   kubectl create -f secret-ssl.yaml

Reviewer: lines 95-118 not needed, they have no sense because of command from line 91 creates secret.

Author: Lines 99 - 118 are removed.

Reviewer: I still not needed text
```
You can use the YAML file to create the secret::

   kubectl create -f secret-ssl.yaml
```

> 

Reviewer: it is needed to explain that newly created secret should be specified in `sslSecretName` option.
also, it is needed to explain that it is needed to generate another certificate for internal communication and put it into `sslInternalSecretName`

Author: updated based on Slack conversation.

Reviewer: don't see any updates

> TLS

Reviewer: this doc should describe to the user that he needs to configure internal and external TLS certificates.
explain that it is possible to disable TLS with `allowUnsafeConfigurations` and provide steps on how to generate certificates manually or send user installing cert-manager.

Author: Sure. Please provide more information and examples on how someone would configure internal and external TLS certificates, how to disable TLS, and how to generate certificates. 

https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tls/managing-tls-in-a-cluster/

How is what we want different than the options in the link? What are the specifically Percona-based methods?

Reviewer: we can have a call if you need more information.
"managing-tls-in-a-cluster" link is **completely** about another thing.

===

Security is configured at multiple levels. Transport Layer Security
(TLS) secures the API endpoints. Transport Layer Security (TLS) is a
cryptographic protocol. TLS provides communications over a computer
network. A certificate includes a key, information, and the certificate
verifies the certificate’s contents. The certificate issuer is a
certificate authority and issues certificate signing request (CSR).

The tool, cert-manager, automates the management and issuance of TLS
certificates.

To verify if the certificate is signed and approved, run the following
command:

.. code:: bash

>    kubectl get csr

Reviewer: not really :(

TLS
===

Security is configured at multiple levels. Transport Layer Security

> (TLS) secures the API endpoints and is a

Author: Updated to:
 Transport Layer Security (TLS) is a cryptographic protocol.

Removed mention of API endpoint.

cryptographic protocol. TLS provides secure communications over a computer
network.

> We recommend that you run your cluster with the TLS protocol enabled. For demonstration purposes, you can disable the TLS protocol by editing cr.yaml/pxc/allowUnstafeConfigurations and changing the value to `true`. Be sure to reset the value when you have completed your tasks.

Author: Removed the last sentence.
